All right, so in this particular
video, let's understand
two fundamental things.
That is how scaling works
in microservice architecture.
And second is how does
people, the external users, talk
to the microservices.
So with that, let's start
with the video.
Now, one thing is that the first
benefit that you get of
a microservice architecture is that
every service is independent.
They can be scaled independently.
And one more thing is what I
can do is I can actually host my
order service on Amazon aws.
I can host my, my email service
on maybe digitaloceans.
I can host my payment service
on some other cloud provider,
because these services are
decoupled from each other.
Now, the problem is that, hey,
let's say you have users, right?
Ultimately this is a user.
Now user wants to create an order.
Where should this user go, right?
What is the DNS server?
How to communicate, like how
the API structure works.
So when you talk about microservice
architecture, one more
component comes into the picture
that is known as an API gateway.
Okay?
So this is an API gateway.
So this is a service from Amazon.
Or you can even have more API
gateways, okay, from other services.
API gateway basically has some rules.
Number one, and this is
your entry point to the system.
That means on your DNS server,
if I have a Piyushkar
dev as a domain, piyushkarg.dev
let me just bring it here.
So you are going to map this IP
address to the API gateway, okay?
So, so that means all the Internet
traffic is routed to where
all the Internet traffic
is routed to this gateway.
Now what you can do is
to this particular gateway, okay,
you can set up some rules.
So let's say my rule is if
the request, that is my host name.
So Pushkar is my host name.
That is host slash.
If it starts with auth
slash something, something.
Okay, Something, something, we must
redirect this particular request
to the authentication service.
SVC is for the service.
Okay?
So this is my rule number one.
So that means this is the rule.
Second is if this is your host,
so whatever is your host name.
I'll just say host name,
that is push dev slash.
If something starts from email
and anything goes, like emails.
So for example, email slash
send email slash get email slash
discard anything, it must go
to the email SVC service.
Okay?
Similarly, I can just
say, hey, the host name.
And then I can set up a rule
for orders as well.
So if something starts with
orders, it must go to where
it must go to the order svc.
So now what happens is your
users are basically going
to talk to the API gateway.
Okay, so let's say you
have a lot of users here.
So I'll just make some users here.
So all these users are talking
to this API gateway.
So let me just paste it here.
Let me just also bring it here.
Okay, yeah, all cool.
Now what will happen is this API
gateway will route the request
to the NGINX of that service.
That's the main catch.
Okay, let me just make it as green.
So this API gateway is routing
the request to this particular
load balancer, to the nginx,
to the load balancer
of that appropriate service.
And this load balancer
will internally route the request
to one of the server.
So this is how the communication
happens
in microservice architecture.
People come, people talk
to the API gateway.
API gateway sends to the appropriate
reverse proxy or the load balancer.
This load balancer is
basically set, as per rules.
Like you have to tell the API gateway
from like on what basis the request
must be redirected and then this
load balancer will internally give
this request to one of the server.
So this is basically a hybrid
approach, if you see.
So microservice architectures are
easy to scale, easy to monitor, but.
But yes, it comes with a lot of cost
because now you have a cost
for API gateway, you have a cost of
a lot of servers
and the maintenance is also high.
And big tech giant companies always
use microservices architecture.